Hello guys, this is our content web development course.
This is our first topic that is HTML.
Today we will start with HTML.
We will see the whole process of HTML.
What will we do in HTML?
What will we do in HTML?
So first we will see what is HTML.
HTML is what I tell you.
Because if you are designing your process,
you are designing your own design.
If you are designing your own design,
then what is your own design?
If you are designing your own design,
then what will we do in the first step?
What will we do in HTML?
I will tell you the reason why I will do it.
So let me tell you what is HTML.
What is the process?
I will tell you the whole process.
Then we will start with HTML.
That entire work will be practical.
This is what we will tell about.
What is HTML?
What is HTML?
What is HTML?
What is HTML?
HTML stands a hypertext markup language.
So this is the Institute of Folkbomb.
What is hypertext markup language?
Let me tell you this.
I will tell you the hypertext markup language.
What will I tell you?
Let me notice the hypertext markup language.
What is hyper?
What is hyper?
Let me tell you the link.
It will be a link.
For example, we will make a website.
We will make a website.
We will have multiple pages.
You will have 2 more pages.
We will link it.
The link will be linked.
The link will be linked.
The text is content.
Your page will be content.
If you have a smart language,
this is a programming language.
If you have a smart language,
it will be designed for designing.
If you have a smart language,
this text will depend on you.
If you have a text,
what is the code for this text?
So, if you have a smart language,
this is the platform.
What is the next point?
The smart language for creating a web page.
If you have a smart language and a programming language,
you will get a difference.
The smart language can be designed for designing.
If you have a smart language,
then what are you planning for designing?
If you have a smart language,
then you can have a smart language.
If you have a smart language,
then you can create a logical path.
If you have a form,
then you can plug and then items up.
Then logic.
These forms,
If you have a smart language,
if you have a smart language,
then Personality is programming language.
If you have a computer,
or somebody is playing a language with an oscillation.
Then which we will use in websites.
So if you have the smart language,
you will get a smart language,
then it is designed for designing.
This one has an animation with the designs.
It is the built-in structure of web page.
This is a structure of a structure that can be used as a web page structure.
A simple example, you will understand that you have to build a building.
So, you will not be able to build a building for your structure.
So, you can make a building like this, as well as a structure.
You can make a structure that can be used as a structure.
And you can run the structure of the web site.
So, you can make a structure that can be used as a structure or a layout.
You can also make a layout.
So, you can use both the process.
You can use the HTML.
You can use the HTML.
I am talking about the good looking building.
You will have to make a simple example.
You will have a paragraph here.
You will have a content here.
So, you will have to use the HTML.
Now, you can use the HTML series of elements.
What are the elements?
What are the elements?
What are the effects?
You will have to use the HTML.
Now, how much does it require?
You will get the process.
Now, I have to let you know how much it requires.
In case you want to build a building,
you will have to build a building.
The entire structure that depends on the structure,
what the structure depends on the structure.
What do you do with the structure?
The contents of the design.
And what are the elements what are that?
It clamps automatically Stationed.
Keep back a system and you get the electrical system using the infrastructure.
But due to an electrical system motor cycle,
that is the actual problem.
By the way, our project is developing period and it is used for building your part.
Now let's talk about the process we will see in the structure of the stream.
The document is the structure of the stream.
How do we do that?
First of all, we will use the tags.
What types of tags are these?
We will see the process in the process.
Now what was the information of the stream?
The thing is clear.
The layer of the stream is clear.
