Hello friends, welcome to our YouTube channel,
here is BabaPay.
This is our JavaScript Core Solidarity 21th Tutorial
and we are going to do a function on this course.
Let's see what our situation is,
where we need to work on a function,
and we need to use our time.
Let's see what we have for example here.
This is our line-licking document dot right in Bob UR,
for break attack and greater.
Let's see what we want to use the same line at the end.
On the end of the line, there is um,
soda and the next one.
Then we will use all this lines in a photohake with me.
We are going to change this line beyond our way of changing a move.
We need to use another three choose of theintegration of the line knob and press thumbs up and that will also reach hours and power.
And activate the x變 and line by vacuum filter as well.
Then let's see the functions of the verb from in our,
In this example, there is a function called AVC.
And in this case, there is a code called Kali Prec.
Now, in the same situation, you can see the functions of the user.
Here, when I put this code on the other side, I will select the AVC and this is the sign.
This function is called Kalkar.
After that, the other code is called Kalkar.
After that, I will call the function on the other side.
So, you can see the code and the size of the file.
Now, we are going to change the function here.
Here, we will call the function on the function.
Here, we are going to change the values.
Now, I will tell you that, in this JavaScript, we have written the sign.
So, here, we are going to put the function on the other side.
And then, there is a function called Kalkar.
The function is called the name of the name of the name of the name.
You can not express the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the name.
Then, the name of the name of the name of the name is found.
There are a lot of names that you can get hacked down each other, but you cannot enter it.
And there comes the combination you have put the two round buses out here.
And there is one function.
And we will open the this category.
Here in the list of the states.
You take the statement which means the
We call this function.
So there we get this function and we can call this function.
So we will see function definitions as
when we know function while reading this function.
For instance we will explain a function later
now and imagine that this function works
as we Share function declere
and when we call this function
You are saying you can call this as our call function.
We are done from user function, we have defined you have some work function and call the function
and keep it in perspective and now we are working directly at this function.
This way we can see the claim videos, products and even talk about there.
Since before we start a function in that, Judge will start this job
Hello n biggest.
Hello no.
Let's talk about reulongresses
Now I will use a code in which I will use it.
So now I will use an example here.
Hello everybody.
Look, this is my function.
Now here I will show you the file.
You can't see anything in the file.
Because this is the function.
But if you don't do it, you won't do it.
So here I will call it.
And I will call it whenever I do it.
And you can see it.
I have saved the file.
And you can see it.
You can see it.
Hello everybody.
Now I will show you the file.
If you duplicate it,
I will show you the file.
You can see it.
You can see it.
I have saved the same file.
I will change it.
I will change it.
I will change it.
So you can see everything.
I will change it automatically.
So this is a lot of advantage.
If you are going to use a code.
You will have to change it.
After that, you will call it.
It will automatically change.
So you can change from it.
Let's see.
I have saved the file.
I have saved the file.
I will copy it,
And here I have saved the file 3.
I will check.
And I have saved the three already.
I also will receive the display.
See.
You already see the performance.
What I tell you about is,
In然 i can't recordOUT with people.
It is same in the event of Dicreation.
Try to use a bigger function.
You can follow your chroma.
For info about the files.
I will check your videos.
I will show you in the video, you can use it.
I will show you one of the two functions I can make here.
I have a second function called YahooNam.
And I have written it here. Hello, I am here.
I have saved the file and I have not seen anything.
Because I have not even had any calls.
So when I am going to call, I have a call from the second one where I have written here.
I have saved the file and I have seen the first time hello call.
I have saved the file and I have saved the file and I have saved it.
And after that I have saved the file and I have saved the file.
If you have seen these two functions, then how can you use it directly?
I hope you liked the video.
If you like the video, please like it.
If you want to subscribe to the app, please press the subscribe button.
Thank you.
