What are variables?
What is the difference between where let and const keywords?
Very important cushion.
The simplest definition of a variable is variables are used to store or hold data.
For example, here, 10 is the data or value and we used the where keyword to store it.
Similarly, other than where we can also use the let and const keyword to store the data.
The scope of where variable is inside the whole function.
Whereas the scope of let and const variable is inside the block only.
Like an if block, a while loop block, etc.
Now let me show you the differences between them with the help of the code.
Here is the code example for the where keyword.
Here we have one function example.
And inside that, we have an if condition that is always true.
Inside it, we are using the where keyword to assign the count a number value of 10.
When we print the count inside the if block, the output will be 10, which is expected.
But when we print the count even outside the if block, even there outside it will print 10 as the output like this.
The point is where creates a function is coped variable, meaning that even though you defined the variable,
where inside the if block, it is still available outside the if block because it is a function is coped and not block is coped.
And in the programming world, block is coped variables are considered a better way because they give clarity about the life of the variable.
Therefore, as this solution, the better way of defining the variable is now using the let keyword.
Here is the same code, just I replaced this where count variable with the let keyword.
Now this let variable will work only inside the if block.
And if you try to access this variable, outside the if block, then you will get the error, count is not defined error.
So the reason is, let's create a block is coped variable, not a function is coped variable.
Therefore, a variable will be available inside the same block in which it is defined inside the curly braces.
This keyword, let is more popular because it will not create confusion about the scope of the variable.
All right, the next keyword is the const keyword, which purpose is the code.
The purpose is slightly different from the where and let keywords.
Here in the code, you can see we assigned const z equal to 10.
And then we are trying to assign a new value to z.
But then our program will throw an error while logging.
The reason is, const can be assigned only 1.
And its value cannot be changed afterwards.
Therefore, use const when you do not want to change the value of a variable.
After the first assignment, it's use this different from the let and where keywords.
Great, now you know all the differences between these three keywords.
And like your four favorite movie or song, you are not going to forget this ever.
